Document multiple dependencies in pub-add (#4090)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/cmd/pub-add.md

_Add_ is one of the commands of the [pub tool](/tools/pub/cmd).

```nocode
$ dart pub add <package>[:<constraint>] [<package2>[:<constraint2>]... ] [options]
```

> This command adds the specified packages to the pubspec as dependencies, and
> then gets the dependencies.
> 
> For example, the following command is equivalent to editing `pubspec.yaml` to
> add the `http` package, and then calling `dart pub get`:

Reviewer: Adjusting the semantic breaks:

```suggestion
This command adds the specified packages to the pubspec as dependencies, 
and then gets the dependencies.

For example, the following command is equivalent to
editing `pubspec.yaml` to add the `http` package, 
and then calling `dart pub get`:
```

For options that apply to all pub commands, see
[Global options](/tools/pub/cmd#global-options).

> The options given will apply to all the packages added in an invocation. For
> example `dart pub add test http --dev` will add both package:test and
> package:http as dev-dependencies.

Reviewer: Some minor adjustments to be consistent with the rest of the page and make it a note to better fit with the flow of the page:

```suggestion
{{site.alert.note}}
  Any specified options will apply to all the packages
  included in an invocation of the command.
  For example, `dart pub add test http --dev` 
  will add both the `test` and `http` packages 
  as dev dependencies.
{{site.alert.end}}
```
